

Deep Solar 

Question1) 
Nationaly, what locations and populations have the highest per capita usage of solar power for both residential and non?

Proposed resolution)
Using Basemaps and matplotlib create a map of the United States with ploted points for each solar installation breaking it into residential and nonresidential and scaling the point size relative to the area size of the solar array. 
Further explore and zoom in on areas of interest and on areas that are to densly ploted to comprhend. 

Question 2)
Nationaly, what effect do tax incentives, electricity prices, weather, sun exposure, fossil fuel prices, net metering, and rebates have on the deployment of solar technology for both residential and non residential situations?  
     
Proposed Resolution)      
often laws areound solar differ by state in regards to net metering, tax incentives, and rebates, here I intend to group data by state and look at the state as a whole for per capita solar usage. this will require bringing in census data because population data is specific to local areas. 
     
Question 3)   
Locally, what effect do age, local income levels, education levels, and political persuasions have on solar adoption? 

Proposed Resolution)
examine solar installations in relation to age, income, education level, and plotical persuasion. create plots for multivariable analysis  

Question 4) 
     What effect does weather, sun exposure, seasonal temperature, anual heating days have on solar adoption and is it different for residential and non residential 
     
     
     
     
     
Proposed Questions and potential future Reaserch 

Reasearch solar pannel as Enviromental status item  
it may be possible to understand further, the value of solar pannels as an environmental status item. If some type of time stamped data related to installation could be added to the deep solar data set it may be possible to understand in greater detail the effect of peers(ie neighbors) in changing the subjective norm of neighbor hoods and increasing the addoption of residential solar. 

https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960148114006326

The value of environmental status signaling
Author  Michael S.Delgado et al 
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0921800915000075

https://www.cell.com/joule/fulltext/S2542-4351(18)30570-1

if a dataset on hourly power consumption by location(zip code or county) was made availible this might make it possible to understand how local weather impacts both power consumption and solar power production. this may be usefull in determining to what extent solar power can be used to power the grid before some sort of energy storage is nessecary. 


     
     